Updates CHANGELOG (#443)
src-d/engine: CHANGELOG.md

- `bblfsh/bblfshd` has been updated to [v2.12.1-drivers](https://github.com/bblfsh/bblfshd/releases/tag/v2.12.1).

### New Features

> - The Docker client is successfully created only if some compatibility checks pass ([#417](https://github.com/src-d/engine/issues/417)

Reviewer: Maybe this should be a  bug fix rather than a new feature. We are solving a case where the command ended in a panic.

Also, I would provide more detail. Something along the lines of
```suggestion
- The commands fail gracefully if an incompatible Docker installation is found, such as Docker Toolbox  ([#417](https://github.com/src-d/engine/issues/417).
```

Author: done, updated and rebased.
